And if you die?
If I die
From now on, the position of Holy Master of Great Xia will be given to him
Leaves win hahahaha don't like it
You mean I don't need to go on this faucet brake?
Your head is not worthy of this faucet two son you
Ye Huan, are you stupid?
You still have a chance of winning
But now you are alone
This is mortal
Ah look look look
Is there an air leak?
I said this person is unreliable
This Ye Huan must be scared to pee right now
Start talking nonsense
In the face of absolute strength
It's not possible without deep heritage
This kid
He must have been scared by these ten bones
Still here to die
I know your cultivation is impressive
But even so
This head can't live at all if it moves house
This is not a so-called deception
This is a real beheading.
Someone accompanies me to be afraid of lazy people
Telephone
What do you mean?
Didn't you agree to do it yourself?
I just said that this faucet gate belongs to me
You come with integrity
How can I make you believe in me?
Have fun if you want to play
This faucet gate is not for you
Or are you more compatible with this dog head brake?
Wild Soul
You're a little too damn deceiving
You have to humiliate and nag about even losing your head
i